DR – US 2 – Landing Page

Acceptance Criteria
As a User I want to be able to land in a Landing Page with options in order to navigate over the application.
Description
Users should to be able to land (after the login to the application) in a Landing Page to provide to the user a number of items to allow to the user to start to work with the application. 
After the user login, the landing page allows to the user to start to use the application by the provided functionalities. 
The entire user Roles in the application will have common items. Regarding Administrators, they should have access to the entire user request list in order to approve/cancel all the user submits.
The landing page should have the next list of items: 
- User Menu Bar (al the next Items are visual decoration) 
       -JPM logo
       -Application Logo
       -Logged User picture
       -Welcome title followed by Logged User Name
       -Menu Icon
       - User Menu Options (Upper Right) with the next Functions:  
             -My Profile    
             -My Request 
             -User Request (Only available if User its Administrator User) 
             -Log Out
-Home Button 
- Disaster Types
       - Disaster kind lists  
              - Each elements inside Disaster types, corresponds to one kind of disaster.
- Donation function
- A short preview list of User Financial Assessment requests (Only available if User its Administrator User)
      -An option to view all requests

Home Button 
When the user navigates over any of the functionalities, a Home button should be provided in order to allow to the user to get back to the landing page. 

If the user select home button in order to get back to the landing page, and he is actually fulfilling a financial assessment request, a warning message should appear with the legend: 
	

User Menu Options (There is a US associated <Link to the US to be completed later>)
All the users should be able to open a Menu Options. These options will be available across the application. 
User menu Options will offer to the User access to see: 
My Profile
Their own Profiles information (Read Only) 
My Request
Access to a list of “My request” where all the financial assistance requested will be listed. 
User Request
Administrator will have access to a complete list of User request, where all the financial assistance will be listed in order to be Approved/Rejected. 
Log Out
User will be able to log out from the application selecting “Log Out” function. 

Disaster Types (There is a US associated <Link to the US to be completed later>)
Landing page provides to the user a list of Disaster types (3), regarding each type of disaster. 
1 – Hurricane/Tornado
2 – Flood
3 – Fire
For each kind of disaster the user will be able to select from a list of actual disaster to apply a financial assistance request. 

Donation (There is a US associated <Link to the US to be completed later>)
Users should to be able to donate money for a common fund in order to provide economic help for all those users/employees that needs financial assessment help. 
N.F.BA: This functionality actually its OOE, but we need to provide a view with the legend “Under construction”. 

Administrators Only: Requested Financial Assistance from Users (There is a US associated <Link to the US to be completed later>)
Administrator’s users should to be able to see a preview for all those requested Financial Assistance from the users/employees. 
Those listed items should be linkable directly from the list in order to allow to the Administrators to view the request to be approved/rejected. 

USER CASES
Actors
Id
Name
Description
Classification
AC01
User
Users are able to navigate over the application
PR
AC02
Administrator
Administrator are able to navigate over the application and access to extra items
SC

Preconditions
Id
Description
PR01
Users can navigate over the application by Landing Page
SC01
Administrators can navigate over the application by Landing Page and have access to extra items

Post conditions
Id
Description
Type
PO01
All User Roles should land on landing Page
VC/MG
PO02
All User Roles are able to navigate through the items from the Landing Page
FC/MG
PO03
All User Roles should be able to log out from the application
VC/MG
PO04
All User Roles should confirm log out
VC/MG
PO05
Administrator Users should able to access to User Requests through an extra field on the Landing Page
VC/MG
PO06
All Users Roles are able to open a User menu options from Landing Page
VC/MG

Main Flow
Id
Step Description
Data (I/O) 
Branches
Rules
MF01




MF02




MF03




MF04






References
Classification
|PR
Primary Actor
SC
Secondary Actor
VC
The state of the use case upon successful completion.
FC
The state of the use case upon failed completion.
MG
Minimum guarantee.
